
	Lawrence Hirschfeld is Professor of Anthropology and Psychology at the New School for Social Research.

	My research explores the psychological aspects of cultural life and the cultural dimension of mental life. I am especially interested in how young children come to understand and use social categories like race, gender, age, etc., particularly how children’s culture shapes the meaning of these categories for both the child and the adult.  More recently, I have launched an infant-study lab that focuses on preverbal infants' expectations about social groups and social group dynamic.  To date three sets of studies have been completed and are in the process of being prepared for submission.
	 

Center for Research with Infants and Toddlers




	Abou Farman is Associate Professor of Anthropology at The New School for Social Research. Professor Farman is interested in secularization processes, especially in relation to post-humanism, technology and aesthetics. His previous ethnographic research focused on transhumanist projects in the US attempting to achieve immortality through cryonics, mind uploading and biogerentology.

	He is now working alongside the Shipibo Conibo Xetebo organizations on projects of indigenous autonomy in the Peruvian Amazon. 

	His latest book, On Not Dying: Secular Immortality in the Age of Technoscience (University of Minnesota Press) was published in April 2020. His first book was Clerks of the Passage, an extended essay on movement and migration. He is founder of  Art Space Sanctuary and founder/president of the Shipibo Conibo Center, NY.

	He has taught Anthropology at Bard College, SUNY Purchase, Hunter College and Princeton. As part of the artist duo caraballo-farman he has exhibited internationally, including at corrupt institutions such as the Tate Modern (UK), and MoMA/PS1 (USA), and received several grants and awards, including Guggenheim and New York Foundation for the Arts fellowships. 




	I'm an anthropologist and historian of science who takes philosophical questions out of the armchair to the field. My field are the behavioral sciences where I look for interlocutors who share my curiosity about Homo sapiens as an animal that has changed beyond recognition and, for better and worse, shows no signs of settling down. At present, I’m especially interested in our predicament as a species of moralistic apes and in research approaches that cut across the disciplinary divide between social research, humanities scholarship, and the natural sciences.

	It is in this borderland between very different knowledge cultures where I have been socialized. During my training as a physician at Freie Universität Berlin, I contributed to research in biological psychiatry, followed the local anti-psychiatric movement, and wrote a book about an obscure practice in French psychoanalysis (Die Zeit der Psychoanalyse: Lacan und das Problem der Sitzungsdauer, Suhrkamp, 2005). By the time, I graduated from medical school, I was sufficiently alienated from Lacanian analysts, anti-psychiatric activists, and biological psychiatrists alike to continue pursuing such endeavors from a scholarly distance. Lacking the patience necessary for archival research, I became an anthropologist.   

	From cultural anthropology and the history of science and medicine, I learned to attend to competing and changing conceptual schemes, knowledge practices, material cultures, and institutional organizations that inform diverse and often incongruent conceptions of who we are. I work from the assumption that the possibility of multiple perspectives on human life does not just reflect back on the people who study it but often tells us something important about human life itself. As my focus shifted from psychoanalytic to neuroscientific and evolutionary frameworks, my research followed the historical transition from understanding and acting upon the mind in psychological terms to the current predominance of biological approaches. As anthropologist of science, I have written two more books, Neuropsychedelia: The Revival of Hallucinogen Research since the Decade of the Brain (University of California Press, 2012) and Chimpanzee Culture Wars: Rethinking Human Nature alongside Japanese, European, and American Cultural Primatologists (Princeton University Press, 2020). Regionally, my inquiries trail the cosmopolitan geographies of the scientific fields I study and have taken me from Germany to Switzerland, the United States, Japan, Guinea, and Ivory Coast. I am also the founder and head of the Psychedelic Humanities Lab.

	I also conduct participant observation of Homo academicus as Associate Professor of Anthropology at the New School for Social Research in New York.




	Hugh Raffles is Professor and Chair of Anthropology at The New School for Social Research and Director of the Graduate Institute for Design, Ethnography and Social Thought (GIDEST).

	Hugh’s essays have appeared in a wide variety of venues, including Granta, Public Culture, Cultural Anthropology, the New York Review of Books, the New York Times, Cabinet, and Orion. His most recent book, The Book of Unconformities: Speculations on Lost Time (Pantheon, 2020), won the 2023 J.I. Staley Prize from the School for Advanced Research. Hugh is a recipient of a Whiting Writers’ Award for non-fiction and a Literature Award from the American Academy of Arts and Letters.

www.hughraffles.com

	Ethnography; nature; writing and other forms of representation and expression.




	Janet Roitman is a University Professor at The New School and is affiliated with the anthropology department.  

	She co-founded and directs the Platform Economies Research Network (PERN), which inquires into the socio-technical bases of platform economies.  Her personal research on platform economies focuses on the role of digital technologies in emergent and frontier financial ecosystems. This project investigates FinTech platforms as potential sources of standardized actionable data that enable predictive analytics, giving insight into the development of new asset classes and forms of debt, or the future contours of “high finance” in the Global South.  This project is supported by a US National Science Foundation Grant.  

	She has conducted extensive research in Central Africa with a focus on the anthropology of value and emergent forms of the political.  Her first book, Fiscal Disobedience: An Anthropology of Economic Regulation in Central Africa (Princeton University Press), is an ethnographic account of taxation and economic regulation. This study of unregulated commerce on the borders of Nigeria, Cameroon, and Chad documents emergent forms of economic value and the consequential transformations in state governance.   

	Her second book, Anti-Crisis (Duke University Press) is the first systematic account of how the concept of crisis functions as a blind spot in contemporary analyses of finance and economics.  Anti-Crisis investigates the concept of crisis as an object of knowledge and social inquiry, demonstrating its significance as a foundational concept for our understanding and management of contemporary practices, taking The Great Recession of 2007-08 as a case study. This study illustrates how crisis talk diverts our attention away from primary, constitutional questions, such as how debt is constituted as a form of value.    

	She was formerly a research fellow at the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS) and an instructor at Sciences-Po, Paris.  Her research has received support from The Ford Foundation, The MacArthur Foundation, The American Council of Learned Societies, the Agence française du développement, The Institute for Public Knowledge, and The US National Science Foundation.  She serves on the editorial board of the Journal of Cultural Economy and on the advisory board of Finance & Society.  

	A full list of publications can be found on Google Scholar.  




	Ann Laura Stoler is Willy Brandt Distinguished University Professor of Anthropology and Historical Studies at The New School for Social Research. Stoler is the director of the Institute for Critical Social Inquiry. She taught at the University of Michigan from 1989-2003 and has been at the New School for Social Research since 2004, where she was the founding chair of its revitalized Anthropology Department. She has worked for some thirty years on the politics of knowledge, colonial governance, racial epistemologies, the sexual politics of empire, and ethnography of the archives. She has been a visiting professor at the École des Hautes Études, the École Normale Supérieure and Paris 8, Cornell University’s School of Criticism and Theory, Birzeit University in Ramallah,  the Johannesburg Workshop in Theory and Criticism, Irvine’s School of Arts and Literature, and the Bard Prison Initiative. She is the recipient of NEH, Guggenheim, NSF, SSRC, and Fulbright awards, among others. Recent interviews with her are available at Savage Minds, Le Monde, and Public Culture, Itinerario, Dis(Closures), as well as Pacifica Radio.

	Her books include Capitalism and Confrontation in Sumatra’s Plantation Belt, 1870–1979 (1985; 1995) Race and the Education of Desire: Foucault’s History of Sexuality and the Colonial Order of Things (1995), Carnal Knowledge and Imperial Power: Race and the Intimate in Colonial Rule (2002, 2010), Along the Archival Grain: Epistemic Anxieties and Colonial Common Sense (2009) and Duress: Imperial Durabilities in Our Times (2016), as well as.the edited volumes Tensions of Empire: Colonial Cultures in a Bourgeois World (with Frederick Cooper, 1997), Haunted by Empire: Geographies of Intimacy in North American History (2006), Imperial Formations (with Carole McGranahan and Peter Perdue, 2007) and Imperial Debris: On Ruins and Ruination (2013) and Thinking with Balibar (Fordham 2020), edited with Jacques Lezra, and Stathis Gourgourias.  Her commitment to joining conceptual and historical research has lead to collaborative work with historians, literary scholars and philosophers, and most recently in the creation of the journal Political Concepts: A Critical Lexicon, of which she is one of the founding editors.

	Professor Stoler is the Founding Director of the Institute for Critical Social Inquiry (ICSI)




	Jonathan Bach is professor of global studies in the Global Studies Program, and faculty affiliate in the Anthropology Department at The New School. His recent work explores social change through the politics of memory, material culture, and urban space, with an emphasis on transitions in Germany and China. He is the author most recently of What Remains: Everyday Encounters with the Socialist Past in Germany (Columbia University Press, 2017), and co-editor of Re-Centring the City: Urban Mutations, Socialist Afterlives, and the Global East (UCL Press, 2020) with Michal Murawski, and co-editor of Learning from Shenzhen: China’s Post-Mao Experiment from Special Zone to Model City (University of Chicago Press, 2017) with Mary Ann O'Donnell and Winnie Wong. His articles have appeared, inter alia, in China Perspectives, The British Journal of Sociology, Memory Studies, Cultural Anthropology, Cultural Politics, Public Culture, Theory, Culture and Society, and Philosophy and Social Science. His first book Between Sovereignty and Integration: German Foreign Policy and National Identity after 1989 (St. Martin’s Press, 1999) examined questions of normalcy and responsibility in Germany during the early years after unification. 

	He holds a Ph.D. in political science from the Maxwell School at Syracuse University and has held post-doctoral fellowships at Columbia University (ISERP) and Harvard University (Center for European Studies). Bach was a visiting professor at Brown University’s Watson Institute, a visiting scholar at Columbia University's Harriman Institute and Sociology department, the Institute for European Ethnology at the Humboldt University, Berlin, the Center for Literary and Cultural Studies in Berlin, and the Institute for Peace Research and Security Studies at the University of Hamburg. He is a faculty affiliate at Yale University's European Studies Council and Columbia University's Center on Organizational Innovation and an Associate Member of the Center for the Anthropological Research on Museums and Heritage at the Humboldt University, Berlin. He served on the inaugural Executive Committee of the Memory Studies Association and serves on the editorial boards of German Politics and Society and Sociologica: International Journal for Sociological Debate. At The New School he was the founding chair of the Global Studies Program and served as the associate director of the Julien J. Studley Graduate Programs in International Affairs. He is a 2021 recipient of The New School's Distinguished University Teaching Award.

	Personal webpage: Jonathanbach.info




	My scholarship, organizing, and teaching aims to work in the service of political movements advancing decolonization, justice, and freedom across the world.  




	Rachel Heiman is Associate Professor of Anthropology at The New School. She received her B.A in anthropology from the University of Pennsylvania and her M.A. and Ph.D. in anthropology from the University of Michigan. Her research focuses on the generative relationship between habits, sentiments, and spaces of everyday life and emerging cultural, political, economic, and environmental conditions. She is the author of Driving after Class: Anxious Times in an American Suburb (University of California Press, 2015) and co-editor (with Carla Freeman & Mark Liechty) of The Global Middle Classes: Theorizing through Ethnography (School for Advanced Research Press, 2012). Her current project, for which she received a Summer Stipend from the National Endowment for the Humanities, a Post-Ph.D. Research Grant from the Wenner-Gren Foundation, and an ACLS Fellowship, brings together anthropology, urbanism, and architecture to explore emerging subjectivities, modes of citizenship, and regimes of governance amid efforts to redesign suburbia for a more sustainable future. She has been a Visiting Scholar at the Stanford Humanities Center, the School for Advanced Research in Santa Fe, NM and the Russell Sage Foundation in New York, and a faculty fellow at the Robert L. Heilbroner Center for Capitalism Studies. In Spring 2021, she was a Distinguished Visiting Scholar at the Advanced Research Collaborative at the Graduate Center/CUNY.

	Rachel Heiman served as Chair of the Urban Studies Program from 2016-2018 and Coordinator of the Prior Learning Program in BPATS from 2004-2018 and 2021-present.




	Benjamin Lee is Professor of Anthropology and Philosophy at The New School. He has also served as Dean of The New School for Social Research and as Provost of The New School.

	Prior to joining the faculty at The New School, he was Professor of Anthropology and Asian Studies at Rice University, where he also directed the Transnational China Project at the James A. Baker Institute of Policy Studies. From 1999-2001, he was a visiting professor at the University of Hong Kong in the Department of Comparative Literature. Lee was the founding director for the Center for Transcultural Studies in Chicago and was a recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship.

	He holds a PhD in Anthropology, an MA in Human Development from the University of Chicago, and a BA in Psychology from Johns Hopkins University. Professor Lee has written extensively on the anthropology and philosophy of language, literary theory, and global cultural studies.

	Concentrations: Linguistic, philosophical, and psychological anthropology; global cultural studies; contemporary Chinese culture.




Concentrations: Exchange theory; monetary history, theory, and policy; ethnography of the state and the emergent state; history, theory and practice of socialism; Economic theory; economic traditionalism; utopian visions; production of space; black markets; debt; social theory; European Union/Scandinavia.

	Peebles also teaches in The New School's Global Studies program.




	Antina von Schnitzler is an Associate Professor in the Julien J. Studley Graduate Programs in International Affairs and an affiliate faculty member in the Department of Anthropology. Her research and teaching has focused on citizenship, human rights and political subjectivities, the anthropology of science and technology, liberalism and neoliberalism, colonialism and postcoloniality, energy politics, and South Africa.

	Funded by a Wenner-Gren Hunt Postdoctoral Fellowship, she recently completed a book based on ethnographic and archival research in Johannesburg and Soweto, entitled Democracy’s Infrastructure: Techno-Politics and Protest after Apartheid (Princeton University Press, 2016). The book received an honorable mention in the Association for Political and Legal Anthropology Book Prize competition in 2017. She is currently working on a new book project on coal and energy politics in South Africa

	She has been a Visiting Fellow at the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, University of Notre Dame, and is a Research Associate at the Wits Institute for Social and Economic Research (WiSER), University of the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg



